---
title: USM book names (5.1)
---

In this video we learn about some special USFM markers which contain different versions of the name of the Bible book for various purposes.

## USFM markers

**\\h** marker is the top of page header. Before publishing, each book must have the \\h marker.  
**\\toc1** contains the long or complete name of the book. It is often used to populate the Table of Contents (TOC).  
**\\toc2** contains a shorter version of the book name.  
**\\toc3** contains the abbreviation of the book name. It is often used in references.  
**\\mt** contains the major title of the book and can be in up to four parts mt1-4 so you can format different parts of the title differently.

## Scripture Reference Settings
- Open the **menu** for the project
- Under **Project**, click **Project settings**, then **Scripture Reference Settings**
- Click on the **Books Names** tab.
- Enter the book names in the  dialog.
:::tip
This is also where an **administrator** can choose how these three names are used in the project.
:::
## Conflict between \\toc and Scripture reference settings

- Paratext automatically keeps the book names table and the project file up-to-date no matter where a name is added. 
- If a name is edited and a conflict arises, Paratext will inform you of it **when you open the Scripture Reference Settings**.
:::tip
An **administrator** can click Resolve Conflicts to view the problems and decide which version to use.
:::
## Create new book

When you create a new book, If the book names have already been entered, 
- Paratext automatically inserts the name-related markers 
- appropriate book names
- \\h markers containing toc2

## Adding markers manually
If the book names were not entered when you created a new book, you can either add them manually to the book, **or** to the Scripture Reference Settings.

**Adding markers manually to the book**
- Add the **\\h** marker directly after the \\id marker at the beginning of the book.
- Then add the **TOC** markers should be entered in reverse order (3, 2, 1).
  *The \\toc markers will be added to the Scripture Reference Settings.
  
**Adding markers manually to the Scripture Reference Settings**
- Add the book names to the **Scripture Reference Settings**
- Then do a **send/receive**   
       *the \\toc markers with the book names will be automatically added to the book*.
- Add the **\\h** marker directly after the \\id marker at the beginning of the book.

