---
title: More features of the Wordlist (2.1d) 
---
In this video we looked at some features of the Wordlist tool that we didn’t cover or only covered in passing in the other videos on spell checking.

-   Wordlist tool is the key tool for spell checking in Paratext.
-   It is an inventory of all the words in your project and their spelling status.

### Open the Wordlist

-   On the project’s menu under **Tools**.
-   **OR** (quicker) right click on any word in the scripture text, and select **Wordlist**.  
    *This opens the Wordlist tool with that word selected*.

You can use the right click option even when the wordlist tool is already open.

### Filters

Across the top of the Wordlist window are various filters.

-   In the Words filter, you can filter by spelling status.
-   The Verses filter allows you to reduce the range of scripture text the words are drawn from.

### To turn off a filter

-   Choose the most broad option in the filter list.

### Using the Find Word filter text box

-   You can search in the words themselves.
-   Type a word or part of word
    *There is no need to press Enter; the search happens straight away*.

### Change the spelling status of the words

The tool works in the same way, verifying replacements and saving corrections. If you change your mind on a selected status, or realise you have made a mistake, you can always set it back to Undecided in addition to choosing Correct or Incorrect.

### To turn off the Find filter

-   backspace over your search string or use the All Words option on the Words filter menu.

### Sort

-   Click any of the column headers.
-   Clicking a second time reverses the sort order.

### Select more than one word at a time

-   Use Shift+click for a range or Ctrl+click for any rows.

### Change the status of more than one row

-   Select the row(s)
-   Open the menu for the window.
-   Use one of the **Set Spelling Status** menu options to change the status of all the selected words at once.

### View old spelling errors

-   Open the menu for the Wordlist window.
-   Under View, click **Show reviewed words which no longer exist in project**.  
    *We can now view words we know have zero occurrences that we corrected or changed the status of previously*.

### How to delete a wrong saved correction

#### If actually correct

If a word is marked as incorrect with a saved correction, and the word is actually spelled correctly

-   Click **Correct**.  
    *The saved correction is removed*.

#### If it is actually incorrect

If on the other hand the word is spelled incorrectly, but you accidentally selected the wrong correction,

-   Click the **x** again, even though it is already the selected status.  
    *Paratext gives you a fresh opportunity to enter or select the right correction*.

### Capitalisation

Paratext takes sentence position into account when analysing words and only lists words which are probably proper nouns with their capital letters.

