---
title: SpellCheck RedSquiggles (2.1f)
---
You can choose to see words which have undecided or incorrect spelling status highlighted with a squiggly underline.

## How display spelling errors

-   Open the **menu for the project**.
-   Under **View**, click **Display Spelling Errors**.  
    *Words which are not known to be correct are now highlighted with a squiggly underline*.
-   OR click Display spelling on toolbar.

## Red squiggles

A red squiggle is displayed on words which are incorrect or which Paratext calculates are probably incorrect.

## Grey squiggles

Grey indicates that Paratext doesn’t know anything about the spelling status and can’t work out if it is suspicious.

These words are all undecided.

## Record the correct spelling

If a spelling is wrong, it is helpful to have Paratext record what the correction is.

-   Right click the word.  
    *The Correct Spelling dialog opens*.
-   Select one of the suggested spellings or type in the *Correct Spelling* box.
-   To make the change click **OK**.  
    *Paratext will save the new spelling as correct, set the old spelling to incorrect, save the correction AND offer to make the change in all the other places the old spelling is used*.
## Remove the squiggle

-   Right click the word.  
    *The Correct Spelling dialog opens*.  
-   Click **OK**.  
    *Paratext saves the new status and removes the squiggle*.
## Right-click menu

-   Right-click a squiggle a second time to get the menu
-   If you wanted the Correct Spelling dialog, simply right click the word again.
-   Right-click the word, choose Spelling to open the Correct Spelling dialog for this word.
