---
title: Identify Renderings (2.2b)
---
-   Open the **menu** for the project and select **Biblical Terms Renderings**.

There are two ways to identify a rendering of a biblical term in the mini Biblical Terms Renderings panel.

-   Paste or type the rendering in the Edit renderings dialog
-   Drag and drop

### Using the Edit renderings dialog box

-   Double click to select the rendering in the text.
-   Press **Ctrl C** to copy it.
-   Double click the Renderings cell in the row for the Biblical Term.
    *The Edit Renderings dialog box opens*.
-   Type or paste it in the Renderings box.
-   Click **OK**.  
   *The rendering is now shown in the Renderings column, and a tick is shown in the Found column to show it is present in this verse*.

### To approve a guessed rendering

The guessed rendering is shown in the Renderings box with its orange background.
-   Double click the Renderings cell  
    *The Edit Renderings dialog box opens*.
-   Select the box “**Approve guessed renderings**”.
-   Click **OK**.  
    *The orange background is removed*.

### Drag and drop – one-time setup

By default, drag and drop is disabled in Paratext to prevent you from reordering words by accident.

-   Open the main Paratext menu.
-   Under Paratext, click **Paratext Settings.**  
    *The Paratext Settings dialog box opens*.
-   “Enable Drag-and-Drop in Text Windows” is **not selected**.
-   Click the checkbox.
-   Click **OK** to save the settings.  
    *Drag and drop is now enabled*.

### Using Drag and drop

-   First, select the relevant word or phrase.
-   Then click on the selection but keep holding down the **left** mouse button.
-   Whilst keeping the mouse button down, drag the mouse pointer to the row for the term in the Biblical Terms Renderings panel.
-   Let go of the mouse button.  
    *The word appears in the Renderings column*.

### Using the full Biblical Terms window

The full Biblical Terms window provides another way to identify a rendering and approve a guess.

-   Open the **menu** for the window.
-   **Expand** the menu.
-   Under **Tools**, click **Biblical Terms**.  
    *In the Biblical Terms window, the lowest pane displays the verses where the selected Biblical term occurs*.

### To identify the rendering of a biblical term

-   Select the rendering in the verse text.
-   On the toolbar, the button “**Add Rendering**” identifies the selected text as a rendering. (or Ctrl+A)

#### To approve the guessed renderings for a biblical term

-   Select one or more biblical terms (using Ctrl or Shift-click)
-   Open the **menu** for the window.
-   Click “**Approve guessed renderings in selected terms**”.

