---
title: Filters and guesses (3.1c)
---
In this video we will learn a new way to open the Biblical Terms Tool, how to filter the Biblical Terms list by category, and how to make Paratext guess renderings.

### Open the Biblical Terms window to a specific verse range

-   Place your cursor in the verse
-   Right-click in the text.
    *You have three choices*:
    *View Biblical Terms for Current Verse(s), Current Chapter(s), Current Book*.
-   Click **Current Book**.
    *The Full Biblical Terms Window opens with the verse filter set to current Book*.

### Filter on categories

The Biblical Terms listed include names, attributes, beings...

-   Click on the **Current Biblical Terms Filter**.
-   Click **New Filter...**  
    *The Biblical Terms Filter dialog box opens*.

-   Select the category **Name**.
-   Type a name for the filter in the box labelled “**saved selections**”.
-   Click the **save icon** button to save the new filter.
-   Click [**OK**] to apply the filter.  
    *The list is filtered to the Biblical Terms with the category ‘name’*.

### Guess renderings

The guess renderings feature uses statistics to guess which words in the translation are probably the rendering of which Biblical Term. It can be quite accurate at guessing proper names.

-   Open the menu for the **Biblical Terms** window.
-   Under Tools, click **Guess Renderings**.  
    *The Guess Renderings dialog box opens. By default, it already has the Name category selected*.

-   Optionally, you can use a model text.
-   Click **OK**.
    *Paratext analyzes the texts and makes guesses of **all** names in the project*.  
    *When it finishes, it informs us that all the guessed renderings are highlighted in orange*.
-   Click [**OK**] to dismiss the message.

### Approve guessed renderings

Renderings with an orange background are guessed, approved renderings have a white background. Guessed renderings should be reviewed and approved or corrected by a member of the team.

### Approve renderings one at a time

-   Double clicking the renderings to open the Edit Renderings box.
-   Click the checkbox **Approve Guessed Renderings**.
-   Click **OK**.
    *The rendering no longer has an orange background*.

### Approve many renderings

-   Select the rows you want to approve by using Shift click for a span or Ctrl click for individual rows.
-   Open the menu for the Biblical Terms window.
-   Under Edit, click **Approve Guessed Renderings of Selected Terms**. (or Ctrl+G.
    *The renderings of all the selected terms have been approved*.

### Correct renderings

Not all the guesses will be correct.

-   Double click the rendering.
-   Type or paste the correct rendering.
-   Click [**OK**].

### Remove all guessed renderings

-   Menu \> under **Tools** \> **Clear Guessed Renderings**.

### Mark Renderings as correctly spelled

After you approve a large number of renderings, it is helpful to mark those words as correctly spelled.

-   Open the **menu** for the Biblical Terms window.
-   Under **Tools**, click **Mark Renderings as Correctly Spelled**.
    *A message box opens informing you of how many renderings will be marked as correct and checking whether you want to go ahead*.

-   Click **Yes** to go ahead or **No** to cancel.
    *When you click Yes, all of the manually added or approved renderings will be marked as being correctly spelled*.
