---
title:  Help in Paratext (0.3)
---
### Search menus/help

-   Click in the search menus/help box on the titlebar.
-   Type, and then simply wait while Paratext searches.

    The top items in the list are actual commands within Paratext.

    If necessary, Paratext uses the abbreviation to show us which window the action will apply to.

-   If we click any of these commands, Paratext will do the action.

### Help

In the second part of the search results Paratext lists all the help topics which match your search.

-   Click on the description to open it.

    The help topic opens in the help window.

-   Any text marked in blue is a link to a different topic.
-   There are also some topics listed under See Also.
-   Each title is a link you can click.
-   You can go back by clicking the green back button.
-   By scrolling down you can browse other potentially relevant help topics.
-   Close the Help file by clicking the X in the top right corner.

### Guide

Open a dialog box (e.g. Main Paratext menu \> Download/install resources)

A guide appears to the right of the dialog box.

#### Close guide/show guide

-   Click the red X to close the guide.
-   Click the Show guide link to open the guide.

    **Note**: Closing a guide only affects the current dialog box.

### Help menu

-   Click on the Main Paratext menu
-   Click on Help

    The help file opens.

    You can open the Help file from here, and there are some other useful functions which are only available here.

### Online help

-   Paratext website.
-   A user forum is also available at LingTran.net
