---
title: Print a draft (2.4a)
---
To allow you to check or test the translation, you probably will need to print it on paper. Paratext has several ways to print out your project but don’t use Print!

### Export Draft to PDF

-   Project Menu \> “**Export Draft to PDF**” command.  
    *The Export Draft to PDF dialog box opens*.

**Choose from the various configuration options**
-   Select the chapters or  click **Choose**  to select the books you need to print
-   Click “**Combine Books**” to put all books into one PDF file.

-   Getting the **page size** right is crucial. (A4 or Letter).
-   You can set the width of the margins, columns, font and font size, and basic layout options, such as justifying paragraphs.
-   Add a note about the purpose of the printout in the comment field.
-   The Advanced tab has a number of advanced options regarding font, headers, versification and pictures.
-   When the settings are ready to try, click **OK**.  
    *Paratext creates the export... then the PDF file opens in a PDF reader*.

### Changing layout or formatting

-   Close the file and use “**Export Draft to PDF**” again.  
    *The settings you used last time will be preselected*.
-   Change some settings to improve the output.
-   Click **OK**.

### Print from the PDF reader program

-   When you are happy with the appearance of the PDF file, use **Print** in the PDF reader.  
    *The pages will be printed exactly as they are shown on the screen*.

### Open the PDF file after closing it

-   Open **Windows Explorer**
-   Navigate to your Paratext project folder, which is usually at the root of the C drive.  
    *By default this folder is called My Paratext (8 or) 9 Projects*.

-   Open the folder for the relevant project.
-   Open the **PrintDraft** folder.
-   Double click the PDF file to open it.

You can now print the extra copies you need.

You could also copy the file onto a USB drive, or send it to someone in an email as needed.

### Help about the options

-   First try the **guide** on the Export Draft to PDF dialog,
-   Alternatively **search** in the Help file for *“export draft”*.  
    *The top Help topic *“How do I make a draft printout of my translation?”* is the relevant one for this dialog* box.

### PTXPrint

PTXPrint is a separate program which similarly creates a PDF file from a Paratext project. It has far more configuration options, such as

-   more precise picture placement,
-   fine-grained control of footnotes,
-   headings, and
-   columns.
-   It can print diglots and include page borders.

To learn more, go to http://software.sil.org/ptxprint/ 
