---
title: Reference check (3.4a)
---
The reference in a parallel passage heading or a cross reference has an icon beside it. When you click on the icon, Paratext opens a Quick Reference window to that passage.

## Problem with reference

If there is a problem with the reference, the icon has a **red X** on it.

By hovering over the red X, you can see a description of the problem.

## Scripture reference settings

-   Open the menu for the project.
-   Expand the menu.
-   Hover over **Project Settings** and click **Scripture Reference settings**.  
    *Three tabs are displayed: Reference Format shows the punctuation and Book names*.
:::caution 
Only project administrators can change these settings.
:::

## To view a list of the errors

**From the Assignment and progress**

-   Click the number of issues beside the check.  
    *Paratext opens a panel showing the reference errors*.

**Using the menu**

-   Open the menu for the project.
-   Under **Tools**, click **Run Basic Checks**.
-   Select the check and the Books to check.
-   Click **OK**.

## View an error

-   Double click the item in the list.  
    *The project window scrolls to show the error and selects the part Paratext finds problematic*.

## Common errors

You might need to refer to the project’s Scripture Reference Settings to see what is valid for your project so you can correct the errors.

## Invalid chapter/verse separator

The separator is often either a period (full stop) or a colon between the chapter number and the verse number.

-   Correct the character.  
    *When Paratext recognizes that the error is fixed, the red x on the icon goes away*.

## Invalid verse separator

The separator is usually either comma (with or without a space).

For a **range of verses**, use the range of verses separator, which, is usually a hyphen.

## Invalid book

In the book names tab, you set three names for each book: the long name, the short name, and an abbreviation.

Set the names to be used for \\xt field and parallel references.

-   Edit the book name.  
    *The error goes away*.

## Invalid verse separator

Errors for this problem can be harder to see.

Check the separator character and any spaces.

## Other Possible Errors

Paratext only checks for references in \\r, \\ior, \\x, \\xo, \\xt, \\fr.

Other markers are not checked. A way to spot that a marker isn’t being checked is to notice when the reference icon is missing.

