---
title: Quoted Text (3.4c)
---
The Quoted Text check has nothing to do with quotes in the text marked with quotation marks.

Rather, this check verifies that any text marked as quoted in a footnote (\\fq) or cross reference (\\fx) or keyword (\\fk) matches the text in the verse.

## Adding \\fq, \\fx

-   Select text (in the verse)
-   Insert a footnote (Ctrl+Shift+N)  
    *The text is copied into the footnote with the quoted text markers*.

A **discrepancy** will arise if the verse text is edited **after** the text is quoted in the footnote, and no one remembers to **update** the footnote.

## Run check from Assignments and Progress dialog

To view a list of the Quoted Text issues
-  Open the Assignments and Progress dialogue (blue button), 
-  Expand Stage 2
-   Click the issue count.  
    *Paratext opens a panel showing the issues*.
-   To view the mismatching text in the project window, double click the item in the list.  
    *Paratext selects the quoted text that needs updating*.

You need to look at the verse text to figure out what is different.
-   Correct the quoted text.
-   To verify you have correctly fixed the problem, click **Rerun**.  
    *The corrected issue is removed*.

## Run Quoted Text check across the entire New Testament

To do this,

-   Open the **menu** for the project.
-   Under **Tools**, click **Run Basic Checks…**
-   Select the **Quoted Text check**.
-   **Deselect** any checks you don’t wish to run at the same time.  
    *You can select more than one check at a time and the results will be displayed in one list*.
-   **Choose** the books you wish to check.
-   Click **OK**.  
    *The list now displays errors from all the checks that were selected and in all the books selected*.

