---
title: Numbers (3.4e)
---
The Numbers check verifies the consistent formatting of numbers. It does not check that the correct number occurs in a verse.

## Number settings

-   Click on the **menu** for the project.
-   **Expand** the menu.
-   Hover over **Project Settings**.
-   Click **Number** Settings.  
    *The number Settings dialog box opens*.

These settings govern the formatting, mainly punctuation, that is used in and around numbers. The Numbers check verifies these settings are being followed in scripture, glossary entries and footnotes.

## Run Check from Assignments and Progress

Depending on your project plan and assignments, the tally of Number formatting issues will be shown in the Assignments and Progress dialog.

-   Click the issue count to view the issues.  
    *Paratext opens a panel to show the issues or updates a previously opened panel*.
-   Double click an issue to see the problem in context.
-   Correct the text.

## Checking scripture references

Paratext will only check references when they have been correctly identified with an appropriate format marker!

-   Select the text
-   Type backslash (\\) and select the appropriate format marker (\\xt).
-   Click **Rerun** to verify the problems have been fixed.

## Run Numbers Check across a range of books

-   Open the **menu** for the project
-   Under **Tools**, click Run Basic Checks.
-   Select the **Numbers** check and the book range you wish to check.
-   Click **OK**.

Common errors are

-   the wrong thousands separator.
-   space instead of the correct thousands separator.
-   Click **Rerun** to verify the problems have been fixed.

